# SQL_Squad

Admin page: (Kahlan)

The admin page allows users that are logged in as admins to monitor analytics, and manage users and reviews. It acts as a control panel for administrators of the CompareIt website. To have admin functionality, the user must have logged in with an account that's role is set to "admin". 
The admin page shows the total number of customers and retailers on the website, as well as the total number of products and reviews, with the review average. The admin page uses real-time updates without the user having to refresh the page. There is also a notification system that notifies the user of all of the actions being done.
The "User Management" page allows for the admin to allow and restrict access to the website for customers and retailers. When a retailer creates an account, their "is_active" field is automatically set to false, so the admin would first need to grant them access to the website before they can login and add products to CompareIt. The admin can also then use bulk actions to allow or restrict all customers and retailers from using the site, this can be used if the site needs maintenance and no one should be able to login until it is finished. Admins cannot change their own or other admins status. There is also the option to search by username or email, as well as sorting by role or status. The admin can also see all of the information about the user next to their name such as their email address, role, and activity if any. Additional information, such as role specific data and account details, can be found when clicking on the info icon to the left of the toggle switch. Users can then also be deleted by the admin by clicking on the icon to the right of the toggle switch. You are not able to delete or view additional information of any admin accounts. Deleted  users will also have all of their associated data deleted, such as reviews or listings. There are also confirmation dialogs to confirm actions on the admin page for extra security and to prevent accidents.
The "Analytics" page is used to show the admin different statistics about the website. The "User Status by Role" section uses a distribution to show the active vs inactive users with colour coordination, green showing active users, and red showing inactive users. The "Users by Role" section shows what percentage of the users are made up of each role. The "Review Distribution" section shows how many of each star review there are. The "Customer Engagement" section shows how many customers out of the total have left reviews, and the percentage of customers that have left reviews.
The "Review Management" page allows the admin to view and delete reviews in the case of any inappropriate reviews. The admin can search by either customer username, product name, or keywords in the review. It can also be sorted by rating so that the admin can only see reviews of a certain rating.